Update instructions for installing Python 3.8.15 instead of Python 3.8.12 (#66)
oppia/oppia-web-developer-docs: Upgrading-python-interpreter-to-version-3.8-for-existing-oppia-directory.md

# Upgrading Python interpreter from any version to version 3.8.15

> For effective and effortless switching to the newer version, this guide will provide a brief and detailed instruction on how to achieve just that. Please follow the instructions below carefully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will walk you through upgrading Python. Please follow the instructions below carefully.
```

I think the extra words are mostly superfluous

Author: Done.

1. In this step, we will set up a new virtual enviornment for our new python interpreter to specifically work with Oppia.

    Use the command given below to set up a virtualenv with python `3.8.15`. Be sure to replace the `{unique-virtualenv-name}` with a suitable virtualenv name:

    ```

>     pyenv virtualenv 3.8.15 {unique-virtualenv-name}

Reviewer: Shouldn't this now use direnv?

Author: Yeah, I think I can also remove this part, but I feel like it is better to preserve it if there are people that still use just pyenv.
